land mortgages and I will tell you today
like dad gray shirt thedao question
interests all newbies michael everything is so
what let's start good should do and
DPS let's a lot of wood 2 you need
do the same course schedule
wooden pickaxe
to 3 you need to do it of course to get
some iron to craft
refugee iron pick
Well, then to the created for the craft
Simran stove before divided into freezing
to alloy iron ore and even craft
iron pickaxe began it to
to get
Alma-ata us a diamond that we need
not that of course to break this one
obsidian experience gouging but give
Skraftim our diamond pickax Well, that's it
diamond pickaxe to please
apse
and here is our mother and here is Abkhazia
Well, I think this is quite even
enough dosage people let's go now
build our humble portal
but before that you need to save your ass well
so it's time for us to build a portal
hearth and forward claus ton well well
getting students dust
when we get enough
on need to ask of course loki
Well, as soon as we got some
heart were
and skraftili here dues of course
build a bard
from the window back now just turn on
desk with age0 portal itself is ready and it seems
forward to new adventures our people
what are these in such a way possible
go to paradise minecraft but before that
it is not necessary to install the mod under
by name
heaven yes otherwise you and you all will not
work up and what did you think you think
that maykraft is paradise you think that
minecraft is paradise what are you on and on
in fact , minecraft there is no paradise
and in order to get in you need
install the mod I think everyone told this
complicated
it was necessary to know the night and beginner attack
probably already knew about it
It had no information so that it is not necessary
disliking this knowledge
cool kurkova yes our people run from
first subscribe to my channel and if
you liked this video like
for your friends download mod bitch
description all bye